we're ready for our third ride with
shadow
and a girl
this is our first ride in the 60-foot
round pen and we'll just be working on
walk trot and canter in both directions
stopping and backing up and turning just
the basics wither and that's really what
this is all about is just having the
basics going good for you having a
little bit of control of speed and
direction to begin with and then and
then just building on that with each
successive ride a little at a time
looking for a little improvement with
each ride it'll ask her to flex just a
little bit on each side here we go it
was nice I'll ask for that a couple of
times two or three times on the same
side before I change sides so that she
can just get that a little bit salt a
little bit more solid on that side
before we change rather than switching
back and forth left and right honor good
shadows a four year old Arab Philly so
she's she's plenty ready to get started
and do just regular riding we'll ask her
to step her hand over now that's good
and then to the right
here we go good girl I'm just nudging
her lightly with my right heel back at
that thumb spot that we worked on with
the ground exercises installing that
sensitivity for that spot right there so
it would be there for us when we needed
it mounted yeah
that's a little better all right we'll
just let her wander off now
not making many demands but I'm asking
for a little bit of direction control
just generally going around to the left
here without changing direction so I
have a pretty wide path that I'm
allowing her to follow not trying to
make lots of Corrections here pretty
much just letting her wander being a
passenger up here but sort of keeping
are generally heading around this
direction I'll fix her up a little bit
left drain right rein on her neck up a
little bit from that right leg move her
back on the on the track here no last
first stop here whoo
you